# Practical-Work-II-Extraordinary
Throughout the creation of this page, Visual Studio Code was used to operate with all the html and css files to be able to create the website and create all the documents as assigned by Moisés in the instructions, following the stems of the tree and doing it in order. Then, I started working in each one of them individually starting with the about, and finishing with the contact. Afterwards, I created the style.css to set up the style of my website closer to the one given in the example, these styles were undergoing constant changes due to indecisions all the time and lots of doubts. Moreover, I created a common structure, with all the webs on the top of the site, and with hyperlinks to other sections, followed by the UFV logo, putting all the pictures in the images carpet. Lastly, I started going one by one through the sections, making all the changes needed following the instructions for my website to meet all the requirements by Moisés.

Regarding the issues occurred while working on my website, the main problem was the overlapping of different websites, since having applied a style on the body for the about me website was causing the other bodies to change too deorganizing my original structures, but with the creation of divs and sections I was able to manage through, and even use it in my favour to reutilize code and not need to rewrite it under another section, causing inefficiency. Moreover, it was a challenge to keep trying to push myself forward to doing each webspage better than the last one, reaching a point where I had an idea on mind and to complete it I needed to rely on google sources explaining commands and undergoing lots of research to perfectionate little details which I would have not been able to do without the help of google forums and searching for things such as unknown commands for me or colors in rgb which looked well when stuck together. Also, I had various doubts about the embedding of the CV when it came to the "about me" webpage since I did not know where to include that file without disturbing the hierarchy of the remaining documents, finally, I decided to add it into the images despite it being a CV file. 
To end off with the poblems section, I struggled to push all the elements into git without running against errors, luckily all of them were easily solvable, but requires more pushes than recommended, since I needed to change folder names and files.

In conclusion, during this project I learned that CSS is truly crucial when it comes to HTML because it changes completely the final look of the webpage. During the CSS completion many struggles came along the way since it requires lots of experience and knowledge to be able to design each website as wished. In other words, completing this task has undoubtedly increased my problem-solving skills as well as my designing habilities through the use of VS studio and html joint to CSS.   

